refactor NearLimitRatio to environment variable (#186)
envoyproxy/ratelimit: README.md

* over_limit: Number of rule hits exceeding the threshold rate
* total_hits: Number of rule hits in total

> To costum near_limit ratio threshold, you can specify with `NEAR_LIMIT_RATIO` environment variable. It defaults to `0.8` (0-1 scale). These are examples of generated stats for some configured rate limit rules from the above examples:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use a custom near_limit ratio threshold, you can specify with `NEAR_LIMIT_RATIO` environment variable. It defaults to `0.8` (0-1 scale). These are examples of generated stats for some configured rate limit rules from the above examples:
```
